querier: add prometheus/api/v1/format_query API (#4373)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/references/http-api/index.md

This endpoint returns in JSON format information about the build and enabled features. The format returned is not identical, but is similar to the [Prometheus Build Information endpoint](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#build-information).

### Format query

```

> GET,POST <prometheus-http-prefix>/api/v1/format_query?query=up

Author: 49ac31a68

```

> Formats the PromQL query, see [Prometheus documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#formatting-query-expressions).

Reviewer: Let's follow the same pattern as for the other API endpoints:

```suggestion
Formats the PromQL query.

This endpoint is compatible with the Prometheus format query endpoint.

For more information about formatting queries, refer to Prometheus [formatting query expreessions](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#formatting-query-expressions).
```

Reviewer: Also, does this endpoint require authentication like the others do? If so, we should mention that here.

This endpoint returns in JSON format information about the build and enabled features. The format returned is not identical, but is similar to the [Prometheus Build Information endpoint](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#build-information).

### Format query

```
GET <prometheus-http-prefix>/api/v1/format_query?query={query}
POST <prometheus-http-prefix>/api/v1/format_query
```

Formats the PromQL query.

This endpoint is compatible with the Prometheus format query endpoint.

> For more information about formatting queries, refer to Prometheus [formatting query expreessions](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#formatting-query-expressions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about formatting queries, refer to [Prometheus' documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/api/#formatting-query-expressions).
```
